ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/process/incidents/playbooks/ci.md

# Continuous integration playbook

> - **Maintainers**: [DevInfra Team](../../../../teams/dev-experience/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Maintainers**: [DevInfra Team](../../../../teams/devinfra/index.md).
```

#### Actions

> `buildchecker` will still allow the authors of the last few failed builds, as well as the @devinfra team, to push to the `main` branch so as to make any changes necessary to restore the pipeline to a healthy state.

Reviewer 2: The `@devinfra` team still needs to be created/renamed from devex

> `buildchecker` will still allow the authors of the last few failed builds, as well as the @devinfra team, to push to the `main` branch so as to make any changes necessary to restore the pipeline to a healthy state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`buildchecker` will still allow the authors of the last few failed builds, as well as the @dev-infra team, to push to the `main` branch so as to make any changes necessary to restore the pipeline to a healthy state.
```

#### Actions

1. Escalate by creating an incident (`/incident` on Slack).

> 1. Get some help by pinging `@devinfra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #devinfra channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Get some help by pinging `@dev-infra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #discuss-dev-infra channels.
```

Same as previous comment on channels/handles.

- Is this a Docker image build step?
  - 💡 This should really not be happening.
  - Is the error about the Docker daemon?

>     - **Yes**, this is a CI infrastructure flake. Ping `@devinfra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #devinfra channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Yes**, this is a CI infrastructure flake. Ping `@dev-infra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #discuss-dev-infra channels.
```

  - Docker daemon not being reachable.
  - Missing tools that we use to run the steps, such as `go`, `node`, `comby`, ...
  - Errors from `asdf`, which is used to manage the above tools.

> - **Yes**: ping `@devinfra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #devinfra channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Yes**: ping `@dev-infra-support` on Slack in the #buildkite-main or #discuss-dev-infra channels.
```

#### Actions

1. Inspect [webhooks status](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/settings/hooks) on the `sourcegraph/sourcegraph` repository settings

> 1. If you're not authorized to see this page, ping `@devinfra-support` or escalate to `@github-owners`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you're not authorized to see this page, ping `@dev-infra-support` or escalate to `@github-owners`.
```
